-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

Conrad,


We've come to the conclusion that we'd like to use your tree control.
 Our project is certainly non-profit (see the old web page at
www.vrjuggler.org)...  And we really appretiate a free solution.  Let
me know what we have to do to get/use the registered version of
JExplorer.
We should have our initial (new) site up before January at
www.vrjuggler.org.

Is there a file format specification that comes with JExplorer?  
We (usually) use SGI (UNIX) machines.  Im assuming we can't run
JExplorerBuilder on the SGI?

Many thanks...

Kevin Meinert
VR Juggler Team
http://www.vrjuggler.org


 ----Original Message-----
From: C Dare-Edwards [mailto:cdare-edwards@csu.edu.au]
Sent: Tuesday, November 23, 1999 3:26 AM
To: kevn@vrac.iastate.edu
Subject: JExplorer and distribution ..


  Kevin,

  Yes we would be glad to help ..  and could even offer you the
control for free as your project is non profit .. the registered
version should run anywhere and could be distributed with your site
.. I can't forsee anything that may be a problem .. but if somthing
comes up we would be happy to help resolve it ..
   
  Get back to me and I get you the registered version..
  Cheers Conrad ..


  Bemerkung: Hi, Im working on an opensource project called
vrjuggler.
  We're investigating different tree controls for this project.

  We'll want to distribute our project's documentation as html, and
will
  need to distribute the tree control with it. 

  We can see that the control may have to run on multiple web sites
(mirrors
  of the main opensource non-profit project).

  Will your tree control work for us?
  Could we get a version of jexplorer that:
  - runs everywhere?
  - can be distributed with our mirrored site?

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: PGPfreeware 6.5.2 for non-commercial use <http://www.pgp.com>

iQA/AwUBOE888TlszdAdzf4MEQLIMwCfSmO1C+1Xzm3/CjxvcswVPFBrC4oAoNgh
JZzeno/0a9KEy7h8kwAUkeEe
=sv8H
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
